Yangliuqing () is a market town in Xiqing District, in the western suburbs of Tianjin, People's Republic of China.
Despite its relatively small size, it has been named since 2006 in the "famous historical and cultural market towns in China".
It is best known in China for creating nianhua or Yangliuqing nianhua.
For more than 400 years, Yangliuqing has in effect specialised in the creation of these woodcuts for the New Year.
wood block prints using vivid colourschemes to portray traditional scenes of children's games often interwoven with auspiciouse objects.
, it had 27 residential communities () and 25 villages under its administration.
Shi Family Grand Courtyard (Tiānjīn Shí Jiā Dà Yuàn, 天津石家大院) is situated in Yangliuqing Town of Xiqing District, which is the former residence of wealthy merchant Shi Yuanshi - the 4th son of Shi Wancheng, one of the eight great masters in Tianjin.
First built in 1875, it covers over 6,000 square meters, including large and small yards and over 200 folk houses, a theater and over 275 rooms that served as apartments and places of business and worship for this powerful family.
Shifu Garden, which finished its expansion in October 2003, covers 1,200 square meters, incorporates the elegance of imperial garden and delicacy of south garden.
Now the courtyard of Shi family covers about 10,000 square meters, which is called the first mansion in North China.
Now it serves as the folk custom museum in Yangliuqing, which has a large collection of folk custom museum in Yanliuqing, which has a large collection of folk art pieces like Yanliuqing New Year pictures, brick sculpture.
Shi's ancestor came from Dong'e County in Shandong Province, engaged in water transport of grain.
As the wealth gradually accumulated, the Shi Family moved to Yangliuqing and bought large tracts of land and set up their residence.
Shi Yuanshi came from the fourth generation of the family, who was a successful businessman and a good household manager, and the residence was thus enlarged for several times until it acquired the present scale.
It is believed to be the first mansion in the west of Tianjin.
The residence is symmetric based on the axis formed by a passageway in the middle, on which there are four archways.
On the east side of the courtyard, there are traditional single-story houses with rows of rooms around the four sides, which was once the living area for the Shi Family.
The rooms on north side were the accountants' office.
On the west are the major constructions including the family hall for worshipping Buddha, theater and the south reception room.
On both sides of the residence are side yard rooms for maids and servants.
Today, the Shi mansion, located in the township of Yangliuqing to the west of central Tianjin, stands as a surprisingly well-preserved monument to China's pre-revolution mercantile spirit.
It also serves as an on-location shoot for many of China's popular historical dramas.
Many of the rooms feature period furniture, paintings and calligraphy, and the extensive Shifu Garden.
Part of the complex has been turned into the Yangliuqing Museum, which includes displays focused on symbolic aspects of the courtyards'  construction, local folk art and customs, and traditional period furnishings and crafts.

Orana Australia Ltd is a not-for-profit organisation that provides a diverse range of training and support services to over 650 people with disabilities and their families in South Australia.
The Mentally Retarded Children’s Society of SA Inc. was established in 1950 by a group of parents who wanted education, employment and accommodation opportunities for their children within the local community at a time when institutionalised care in Adelaide was their only alternative.
The society’s aims were to seek education or training facilities for people with intellectual disabilities, to establish sheltered workshops, and to establish residential hostels.
A number of sheltered workshops were established, and in 1980, the name was changed to the Aboriginal word "Orana", which means "Welcome".
Today, Orana provides assisted employment, assisted accommodation and respite services to people with intellectual disabilities.
Orana's current and previous clients include Mitsubishi Motors, Clipsal, RAA, Elders Limited, and Billycart Kids.
Orana was one of the first disability service organisations to achieve Quality Accreditation.
In 2018, after 65 years of bettering people’s lives, Orana identified a community need and expanded their operations into the aged care sector.
After the unveiling of the Australian Government’s Commonwealth Home Support Programme (CHSP) and seeing it as a natural step of progression, Orana now provides quality tailored aged care at home.
The well-resourced organization delivers help across a range of areas, helping the elderly remain where they want to be - in the comfort of their own home during their later years.
Orana continues with its mission to support people remain independent, valued and productive members of the community.

The St. Mary's Church is a church owned by the Church of Denmark in Sønderborg, Denmark and the church of the parish with the same name.
Thanks to its location on a hill, the church building is very iconic for the city.
In the Middle Ages there was a leper colony on a hill just outside the city.
It was named after Saint George and around 1300 the chapel of this leper colony stood in the place of the present St. Mary's Church.
After the old parish church of the city, the St. Nicholas Church, was demolished around 1530, the Saint-George chapel became the new main church.
Towards the end of the 16th century, John II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg commissioned the enlargement of the building in order to make it suitable for the function of the parish church of his city.
In 1595 a start was made on the partial demolition of the old church and the construction of the new church.
Only parts of the old medieval church remained.
From the medieval church, a medieval wooden wall cupboard dating from about 1400 remained.
The solemn inauguration of the new parish church took place just before Christmas in 1600.
In 1649 the George Church was renamed as the Mary Church.
The name of Saint George stayed in the Danish names Sankt Jørgensgade and Jørgensbjerg.

Connie Kalitta (born 1938), a retired American drag racer and CEO of the eponymous Kallita Air.
Doug Kalitta (born 1964), an American drag racer, nephew of Connie Kalitta and owner of Kalitta Charters.
Scott Kalitta (1962-2008), an American drag racer and son of Connie Kalitta.
Kalitta Air, a cargo airline flying Boeing 747 aircraft.
Kalitta Charters, a cargo airline flying medium-sized aircraft.

Where Is Freedom?
() is a 1954 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini.
The film had a troubled production because, after shooting some scenes, Rossellini lost interest in the film and abandoned the set.
The work was completed after about a year, mainly from Mario Monicelli, with some scenes also shot by Lucio Fulci and Federico Fellini.
Despite that, Rossellini is the sole credited director of the film.
Difficulties and troubles of an ex-convict.
Embittered and disillusioned by life, he will soon plan his return to prison.

Latin liturgical rites, or Western liturgical rites, are Catholic liturgical rites employed by the Latin Church, the largest particular church sui iuris of the Catholic Church, that originated in Europe where the Latin language once dominated.
Its language is now known as Ecclesiastical Latin.
The most used rite is the Roman Rite.
The Latin rites were for many centuries no less numerous than the liturgical rites of the Eastern autonomous particular Churches.
Their number is now much reduced.
In the aftermath of the Council of Trent, in 1568 and 1570 Pope Pius V suppressed the Breviaries and Missals that could not be shown to have an antiquity of at least two centuries (see Tridentine Mass and Roman Missal).
Many local rites that remained legitimate even after this decree were abandoned voluntarily, especially in the 19th century.
In the second half of the 20th century, most of the religious orders that had a distinct liturgical rite chose to adopt in its place the Roman Rite as revised in accordance with the decrees of the Second Vatican Council (see Mass of Paul VI).
A few such liturgical rites persist today for the celebration of Mass, since 1965–1970 in revised forms, but the distinct liturgical rites for celebrating the other sacraments have been almost completely abandoned.
The Roman Rite is by far the most widely used.
Like other liturgical rites, it developed over time, with newer forms replacing the older.
It underwent many changes in the first millennium and a half of its existence (see Pre-Tridentine Mass).
The forms that Pope Pius V, as requested by the Council of Trent, established in the 1560s and 1570s underwent repeated minor variations in the centuries immediately following.
Each new typical edition (the edition to which other printings are to conform) of the Roman Missal (see Tridentine Mass) and of the other liturgical books superseded the previous one.
The 20th century saw more profound changes.
Pope Pius X radically rearranged the Psalter of the Breviary and altered the rubrics of the Mass.
Later popes continued to make such changes, beginning with Pope Pius XII, who significantly revised the Holy Week ceremonies and certain other aspects of the Roman Missal in 1955.
The Second Vatican Council (1962–1965) was followed by a general revision of the rites of all the Roman Rite sacraments, including the Eucharist.
As before, each new typical edition of an official liturgical book supersedes the previous one.
Thus, the 1970 Roman Missal, which superseded the 1962 edition, was superseded by the edition of 1975.
The 2002 edition in turn supersedes the 1975 edition both in Latin and, as official translations into each language appear, also in the vernacular languages.
Under the terms of Summorum Pontificum by Pope Benedict XVI, the Mass of Paul VI is known as the Ordinary Form of the Roman Rite.
The Tridentine Mass, as in the 1962 Roman Missal, is still authorized for use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite under the conditions indicated in the document Summorum Pontificum.
The Ordinariate Use is a form or variation of the Roman Rite, rather than a unique rite itself.
During the Liturgy of the Eucharist, especially the Eucharistic Prayer, it is closest to other forms of the Roman Rite, while it differs more during the Liturgy of the Word and the Penitential Rite.
The language used, which differs from that of the ICEL translation of the Roman Rite of Mass, is based upon the Book of Common Prayer, originally written in the 16th century.
Prior to the establishment of the personal ordinariates, parishes in the United States were called "Anglican Use" and used the Book of Divine Worship, an adaptation of the Book of Common Prayer.
The Book of Divine Worship has been replaced with the similar Divine Worship: The Missal for use in the ordinariates worldwide.
Anglican liturgical rituals, whether those used in the ordinariates of the Catholic Church or in the various prayer books and missals of the Anglican Communion and other denominations trace their origin back to the Sarum Use, which was a variation of the Roman Rite used in England before introduction during the reign of Edward VI of the 1549 Book of Common Prayer, following the break from the Roman church under the previous monarch Henry VIII.
In the United States, under a Pastoral Provision in 1980, personal parishes were established that introduced adapted Anglican traditions to the Catholic Church from members' former Episcopal parishes.
That provision also permitted, as an exception and on a case by case basis, the ordination of married former Episcopal ministers as Catholic priests.
As personal parishes, these parishes were formerly part of the local Roman Catholic diocese, but accepted as members any former Anglican who wished to make use of the provision.
On 9 November 2009, Pope Benedict XVI established a worldwide provision for Anglicans who joined the church.
This process set up personal ordinariates for former Anglicans and other persons entering the full communion of the Catholic Church.
These ordinariates would be similar to dioceses, but encompassing entire regions or nations.
Parishes belonging to an ordinariate would not be part of the local diocese.
These ordinariates are charged with maintaining the Anglican liturgical, spiritual and pastoral traditions, and they have full faculties to celebrate the Eucharist and the other sacraments, the Liturgy of the Hours and other liturgical functions in accordance with the liturgical books proper to Anglican tradition, in revisions approved by the Holy See.
This faculty does not exclude liturgical celebrations according to the Roman Rite.
The Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham was set up for England and Wales on 15 January 2011, and the Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of Saint Peter for the United States and Canada on 1 January 2012, and the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of the Southern Cross for Australia on 15 June 2012.
As of 2017 it was decreed that all parishes in the United States established under the Pastoral Provision be transferred to the Ordinariate.
Bishop Steven Lopes of the Personal Ordinariate of the Chair of Saint Peter has requested that terms such as "Anglican Use" and "Anglican Ordinariate" be avoided, saying "Our clergy and faithful do not like being called Anglican, both because this is insensitive to actual Anglicans, and because it is a subtle way of suggesting that their entrance into full communion is less that total.
We are Catholic in every sense".
Also called "Indian Masses", a number of variations on the Roman Rite developed in the Indian missions of Canada and the United States.
These originated in the 17th century, and some remained in use until the Second Vatican Council.
The priest's parts remained in Latin, while the ordinaries sung by the choir were translated into the vernacular (e.g., Mohawk, Algonquin, Micmac, and Huron).
They also generally featured a reduced cycle of native-language propers and hymns.
At present they are rarely used.
The Zaire Use is an inculturated variation of the Ordinary Form of the Roman Rite of the Roman Catholic Church.
It has been used to a very limited extent in some African countries since the late 1970s.
The Ambrosian Rite is celebrated in most of the Archdiocese of Milan, Italy, and in parts of some neighbouring dioceses in Italy and Switzerland.
The language used is now usually Italian, rather than Latin.
With some variant texts and minor difference in the order of readings, it is similar in form to the Roman Rite.
Its classification as Gallican-related is disputed.
The Rite of Braga is used, but since 18 November 1971 only on an optional basis, in the Archdiocese of Braga in northern Portugal.
The Mozarabic Rite, which was prevalent throughout Spain in Visigothic times, is now celebrated only in limited locations, principally the cathedral of Toledo.
The Carthusian rite is in use in a version revised in 1981.
Apart from the new elements in this revision, it is substantially the rite of Grenoble in the 12th century, with some admixture from other sources.
Among other differences from the Roman Order of Mass, the deacon prepares the gifts while the Epistle is being sung, the celebrating priest washes his hands twice at the offertory and says the eucharistic prayer with arms extended in the form of a cross except when using his hands for some specific action, and there is no blessing at the end of Mass.
This is now the only extant Mass rite of a Catholic religious order; but by virtue of the Ecclesia Dei indult some individuals or small groups are authorized to use some now defunct rites.
The Order of Saint Benedict has never had a rite of the Mass peculiar to it, but it keeps its very ancient Benedictine Rite of the Liturgy of the Hours.
In Africa Proconsulare, located in present-day Tunisia (of which Carthage was the capital), the African Rite was used before the 7th-century Arab conquest.
It was very close to the Roman Rite; so much so that Western liturgical traditions have been classified as belonging to two streams, the North African-Rome tradition, and the Gallican (in the broad sense) tradition encompassing the rest of the Western Roman Empire, including northern Italy.
The ancient Celtic Rite was a composite of non-Roman ritual structures (possibly Antiochian) and texts not exempt from Roman influence, that was similar to the Mozarabic Rite in many respects and would have been used at least in parts of Ireland, Scotland, the northern part of England and perhaps even Wales, Cornwall and Somerset, before being authoritatively replaced by the Roman Rite in the early Middle Ages.
"Celtic" is possibly a misnomer and it may owe its origins to Augustine's re-evangelisation of the British Isles in the 6th century.
Little is known of it, though several texts and liturgies survive.
Some Christians–typically groups not in communion with the Roman Catholic Church, especially some Western Orthodox Christian communities in communion with Eastern Orthodox Churches, e.g. Celtic Orthodoxy–have attempted to breathe life into a reconstruction of the Celtic Rite the historical accuracy of which is debated.
Historical evidence of this rite is found in the remnants of the Stowe (Lorrha) Missal.
The Gallican Rite is a retrospective term applied to the sum of the local variants, on similar lines to that designated elsewhere as the Celtic Rite (above) and the Mozarabic Rite, which faded from use in France by the end of the first millennium.
It should not be confused with the so-called Neo-Gallican liturgical books published in various French dioceses after the Council of Trent, which had little or nothing to do with it.
Several local rites (more properly uses or variants of the Roman Rite (most with Gallican elements some with Byzantine liturgical and tradition elements) of limited scope existed, but are now defunct.
The Sarum Rite (more properly Sarum Use), a defunct variant on the Roman rite originating in the Diocese of Salisbury, which had come to be widely practised in England and Scotland around the 1530s, while the Protestant Reformation swept across continental Europe; practised alongside limited other variants such as the Use of York, Lincoln Use, Bangor Use, and Hereford Use.
It has a legacy in its influence on later Anglican liturgy.
The Cologne Use, used in the diocese of Cologne () prior to 1570.
The Metz Use, created by Arnulf of Metz and Amalarius of Metz in the ninth century–used in Alsace-Lorraine, the Netherlands, and Flemish and Wallonian lands until the beginning of the twentieth century.
The Lyonese Rite of the Diocese of Lyon, France, which some consider to have been (rather than Milan) the centre of diffusion of the Gallican liturgy; it is maintained in a few parishes in Lyon.
The Nidaros Use, long defunct, based mainly on imported English liturgical books, used in pre-Reformation Norway.
The Uppsala Use, suppressed during the Reformation, formerly the dominant variant of the Roman Rite used in northern Sweden.
The  Aquileian Rite, a defunct rite originating in the former patriarchate of Aquileia in northern Italy.
The Benevento Rite, a defunct Latin rite originated in this city in Italy.
The Esztergom Use (defunct: Archdiocese of Esztergom, used between the 12th and 17th centuries primarily in the Archdiocese of Esztergom, and in its suffragan dioceses.
Similar rites were also in Slovakia and in southern, central, and western Poland.
These usages of Roman liturgy was the closest to Roman (today Vatican) rites with some small Byzantine-Slavic elements.
Some religious orders celebrated Mass according to rites of their own, dating from more than 200 years before the papal bull Quo primum.
These rites were based on local usages and combined elements of the Roman and Gallican Rites.
Following the Second Vatican Council, they have mostly been abandoned, except for the Carthusian Rite (see above).
Religious orders of more recent origin have never had special rites.

Fernaldia pandurata (common name: loroco ) is a vine with edible flowers, widespread in Mexico and Central America.
Fernaldia pandurata is an important source of food in El Salvador and Guatemala.
The plant's buds and flowers are used for cooking in a variety of ways, including in pupusas.
The name "loroco" is used throughout Mesoamerica to refer to Fernaldia pandurata.
Fernaldia pandurata is an herbaceous vine with oblong-elliptical to broadly ovate leaves .
long, 1.
5–8 cm broad, inflorescences are generally somewhat shorter than the leaves, with 8–18 flowers, the pedicels 4–6 mm.
long; bracts ovate,  long; calyx lobes ovate, acute or obtuse, 2–3 mm.
long; corolla white within, greenish outside.

Chester Earl Merrow (November 15, 1906 – February 10, 1974) was a U.S. Representative from New Hampshire.
Born in Center Ossipee, New Hampshire, Merrow attended the public schools and Brewster Free Academy in Wolfeboro from 1921 to 1925.
He was graduated from Colby College, Waterville, Maine, in 1929 and from Teachers College (summers) (Columbia University), New York City, in 1937.
Merrow was an instructor of science at Kents Hill School in Maine in 1929 and 1930 and at Montpelier Seminary from 1930 to 1937.
He served as assistant headmaster of Montpelier Seminary from 1935 to 1938.
He was an instructor of political science and history at Vermont Junior College in Montpelier in 1937 and 1938.
Merrow was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1939 and 1940.
He became a radio news commentator and lecturer, and served as delegate to an international conference on education and cultural relations of the United Nations, held in London in 1945.
He was a congressional adviser to the first conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) held in Paris in 1946.
He served as a member of the United States delegation to UNESCO 1946-1949.
Merrow was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-eighth and to the nine succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1943 – January 3, 1963).
Merrow voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960.
He was not a candidate for reelection in 1962 to the Eighty-eighth Congress, but was unsuccessful for nomination to the United States Senate.
Subsequently, he was Special Adviser on Community Relations, Department of State, from 1963 to 1968.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1970 to the Ninety-second Congress and in 1972 to the Ninety-third Congress.
He resided in Center Ossipee until his death there, February 10, 1974.
He was interred in Chickville Cemetery.

HIS ("Hightech Information System Limited"; established 1987), is a Hong Kong-based graphics card manufacturer that produces AMD (formerly known as ATI) Radeon graphics cards.
Its headquarters are in Hong Kong, with additional sales offices and distribution networks in Europe, the Middle East, North America and Asia Pacific Regions.
The current distributor in Hong Kong is JunMax Technology.
HIS manufactures and sells AMD Radeon series video cards.
They are known for their IceQ cooling technology as well as producing the latest and fastest PCI cards like AMD Radeon RX 590, RX 5700 and RX 5700 XT.
In 2019, HIS launched new versions of the RX 5700 XT in pink and blue.

AD 47 (XLVII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
"At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Claudius and Vitellius (or, less frequently, year 800 Ab urbe condita).
The denomination AD 47 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Claudius revives the censorship and ludi saeculares, and organises the order of the Haruspices, with 60 members.
Gnaeus Domitius Corbulo is made commander of the Roman army in Germania Inferior.
He conquers the Chauci and fights against the Cherusci and Frisians.
Cauci pirates led by the Roman deserter Gannascus ravage the Gallic coast; Corbulo uses the Rhine fleet against them.
The Frisian revolt is suppressed.
Publius Ostorius Scapula replaces Aulus Plautius as governor of Britain.
The south-east of the island is now a Roman province, while certain states on the south coast are ruled as a nominally independent client kingdom by Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus, whose seat is probably at Fishbourne near Chichester.
Ostorius immediately faces incursions from unconquered areas, which he puts down.
Corbulo orders the construction of the canal Fossa Corbulonis, between the Rhine and Meuse in the Netherlands, which connects the city Forum Hadriani (Voorburg).
Romans build the Traiectum fortification near the mouth of the Rhine, which will later grow to be the city of Utrecht.
Claudius founds the city Forum Claudii Vallensium (modern Martigny) in the Alpes Poeninae (Switzerland).
Musselburgh is founded in Roman Britain (Scotland).
Ananias becomes high priest in Judaea.
Paul starts his evangelistic work.
Taejodae, Korean ruler of Goguryeo (d.

This is a list of media from the Punjab region or published in the Punjabi language.
Punjabi journalists have received many international awards for their reporting.

Nenad "Purke" Stojanović (; born 22 October 1979) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a striker.
After coming through the youth categories of Red Star Belgrade, Stojanović went on numerous loans, having a breakthrough season at Bosnian club Leotar in 2002–03.
He was the team's top scorer with 22 goals in 23 league games, helping them win their first national title in history.
Following his return to Red Star, Stojanović played mostly as a substitute and scored several crucial goals in the 2003–04 season, helping the side win the championship.
In January 2005, Stojanović was transferred to Belgian club Genk, signing a three-and-a-half-year contract.
He also played for Brussels, before moving to Russian club Luch Vladivostok in early 2007.
In the summer of 2008, Stojanović returned to Serbia and joined Vojvodina.
In July 2018, aged 38, Stojanović agreed terms with Belgrade Zone League side Leštane.
He previously played for Brodarac 1947 (Spring 2015), IMT (2015–16), and Žarkovo (2016–17) in the Serbian League Belgrade.

The Canadian Association for Free Expression (CAFE) is a Canadian political group led by Paul Fromm, a white supremacist.
Established in 1981, CAFE is committed to the promotion and defense of total freedom of speech, and publishes the Free Speech Monitor ten times a year.
Although it began in Ontario, it has also been incorporated in Alberta.
Opponents have accused CAFE of racism, arguing that it does not merely support the free speech rights of far right groups, but also promotes their views.
CAFE has criticized what it considers injustices against white people in Canada, and has argued that Canadian laws do not robustly defend the free speech of whites, and are too weighted in favour of minorities.
CAFE has campaigned (along with the defunct white nationalist groups Canadian Heritage Alliance and Northern Alliance) for the release of Brad Love, whom it claimed was jailed for expressing his nativist sentiments.
CAFE has also campaigned for the release of Holocaust deniers Ernst Zündel and David Irving, and against human rights lawyer Richard Warman and the Canadian Human Rights Commission.
On November 23, 2007, Ontario Superior Court Justice Monique Métivier ruled that Fromm and CAFE had libelled Warman, and ordered them to pay $30,000 in damages and to post full retractions within ten days on all the websites on which the defamatory comments were posted.
The Ontario Court of Appeal upheld the judgment in December 2008 with damages being raised to $40,000, as Fromm was ordered to pay an additional $10,000 towards Warman's legal costs.
Warman said the appeal court's ruling "sends the message that those who try to use the cloak of free speech to poison other people's reputations through lies and defamation do so at their own peril".
CAFE was an intervenor in Oger v Whatcott, a hearing before the British Columbia Human Rights Tribunal regarding harassment of Ms. Oger by Mr. Whatcott, who Ms. Oger alleged ran a very public campaign of harassment against her on the basis of her gender identity.
CAFE supported Mr. Whatcott's right to make those statements, and adopted many of Mr. Whatcott's statements in its submissions to the Tribunal.
On March 27, 2019, the Tribunal ruled that CAFE's behaviour as an intervenor was "improper", and that its submissions were "inflammatory, derogatory, disrespectful and inappropriate".

The British Motor Museum in Warwickshire, England, holds the World's largest collection of historic British cars.
There are over 300 classic cars on display from the British Motor Industry Heritage Trust and the Jaguar Heritage Trust.
The collection, now cared for by the British Motor Industry Heritage Trust, was developed in the 1970s when a new division of the British Leyland Motor Corporation (BLMC) was formed to preserve and manage the company's collection of historic vehicles.
In 1979, the company became BL Heritage Limited, adopting a new headquarters at Studley, Warwickshire.
Two years later, a museum was opened at the London Transport Museum's former home of Syon Park, west of London, where some 100 vehicles from the collection were put on display.
During the early 1980s, closer ties were made with other British motor manufacturers.
In 1983, the collection was granted charitable status, and became the British Motor Industry Heritage Trust, and although there were now several manufacturers involved, the collection still carried a large bias towards the former British Leyland companies.
Austin-Rover continued as the primary backer of the Trust, and gradually the other companies withdrew their support.
Meanwhile, the collection continued to grow.
In the late 1980s, it became evident that larger premises would be required as the collection developed.
Several new sites were considered for a purpose built museum.
The present location was chosen, on the site of the former RAF Gaydon airfield in South Warwickshire, which was home to the Rover Group's design, technology and testing ground.
Plans were drawn up and construction began in 1991 for the new Heritage Motor Centre.
Set in  of grounds, the centre brought together all of the Trust's operations for the first time, providing exhibition and storage space for the collection of over 250 vehicles and archive of over 2 million photographs, business records, brochures and drawings.
The site also includes conference facilities.
When Rover Group was taken over by BMW in 1994, the British Motor Museum came under their ownership.
Six years later, BMW sold the Rover Group, which meant that the Centre changed hands yet again, this time under the ownership of the Ford Motor Company.
This latest change of ownership means that the Trust now had the opportunity to expand its collection to include all of the companies that have formed part of Britain's motor manufacturing history.
Following Jaguar's decision to close their Jaguar Daimler Heritage Centre, a small selection of the Jaguar Daimler Heritage Collection has been on display at the Museum.
In November 2015 the Heritage Motor Centre closed for a £1.
1 million refurbishment, and reopened on 13 February 2016 under the new name of British Motor Museum.
This is not an exhaustive list — a complete list is provided on the centre's website.
Due to space limitations, not all cars are exhibited at all times.
The Metro 1.
The British Motor Museum offers a research and registry service for several British car marques.
The Archive houses authentic historical records by many of the major car manufacturers, including a range of original factory ledgers which record the details of individual vehicles as they came off the production line.
For a small fee, owners may send in their Vehicle Identification Number (VIN - aka chassis number) and/or engine numbers, and they will research the original production records for that vehicle and send back whatever information on the vehicle is available.
This is a 'Certified Copy of a Factory Record' or more commonly known as a Heritage Certificate.
This can include such details as a list of the options the car was ordered with, the original paint colour and any identification numbers that may be missing.
This can be useful when applying for tax exemption or to obtain an age-related Registration Mark.

World Art Nouveau Day (WAND) is an event dedicated to art nouveau that is celebrated annually on 10 June.
The first World Art Nouveau Day in 2013 was organized by The Museum of Applied Arts (Budapest) (IMM) in cooperation with Szecessziós Magazin (a Hungarian Magazine about Art Nouveau).
The selected date – 10 June – is the anniversary of the death of two famous architects of the movement, Antoni Gaudí and Ödön Lechner.
Activities like those organised on World Art Nouveau Day aim to create more awareness of Art Nouveau heritage among the public.
The two biggest organisations in Europe coordinating the World Art Nouveau Day activities are the Art Nouveau European Route in Barcelona, and the Réseau Art Nouveau Network (RANN) in Brussels.
In 2019 the event was supported by European Heritage Alliance.

Alyse Black is an American singer and songwriter.
Black's music is described as indie pop with jazz influences, in the vein of artists such as Fiona Apple, Regina Spektor and Norah Jones.
Her song "Stood for Stand for", which was featured on Black's debut album Too Much & Too Lovely, won Billboard's 2007 World Song Contest in the Jazz category.
Black was born in Seattle, Washington, the youngest of three daughters.
According to her website, she initially had an interest in pursuing a career as a singer-songwriter, but instead studied business, communications, and international studies at the University of Washington, where she graduated in 2004.
After working in the corporate world, she returned to her original interest, releasing her debut album Too Much & Too Lovely at the end of 2007.
In 2012, Black began working on a new project, a collection of original and classic lullabies with the band 'Night Sweet Pea; to finance the album's production, the band launched a successful campaign on Kickstarter.
The album, A Little Line of Kisses, was released to critical acclaim in December 2012.
Her song Super Hero was featured on the 2012 film Let's Make a Movie.
In 2014, she recorded three love song covers with producer Mark Hallman (Carole King, Eliza Gilkyson, Ani Difranco), which was released in early 2015.
The album was titled You Belong To Me (1952 song) after the old pop ballad on the record.
The record also contains a cover of Brandi Carlile's "The Story" and Beth Nielsen Chapman's "Seven Shades of Blue".
In early 2015, Alyse began recording her third full-length studio record with producer, Eric Rosse (Sara Bareilles, Tori Amos, Maroon 5, Birdy (singer), Gavin DeGraw, A Fine Frenzy, Landon Pigg, Anna Nalick, Mary Lambert (singer)), in Hollywood.
That album was fan-funded on Kickstarter as well, raising $31,276.
During this time, Alyse also garnered an endorsement with Fishman Amps.
The self-titled record was released on January 24, 2017.
Alyse is also a licensed real estate agent with Keller-Williams Realty.
She did promise, however, to continue making the world better with her music.
Black's influences  include Nina Simone, Tori Amos, Billie Holiday, Norah Jones, Fiona Apple, Eva Cassidy, Sarah McLachlan, Ani Difranco, Portishead, Björk, Tom Waits, Edith Piaf, Jude, Mazzy Star, Cranberries, Poe, Sarah Vaughan, The Beatles, Led Zeppelin.

Dallas Bay Skypark  is a public-use airport located 11 miles (18 km) north of the central business district of Chattanooga and 4 miles southwest of the central business district of Lakesite (both cities in Hamilton County, Tennessee, United States.
) It is located in the community of Middle Valley with a Hixson, Tennessee mailing address.
Dallas Bay Skypark began life as the Optimist Club Drag Strip back in the late 50s and survived until the early 60s.
The dragstrip was moved to East Ridge and John Flewellen and his family bought the old dragstrip and turned it into a private runway.
In the early 1970s the airstrip became an FAA-certified public airport with the designation 1A0.
In 2002, a group of investors, all with a passion for flying, bought Dallas Bay Skypark and have been running it ever since.
The airport is still a full-service public airport with a flight school on premises.
Dallas Bay Skypark covers an area of  which contains one asphalt paved runway (5/23) measuring 3,025 x 50 ft (922 x 15 m).
For the 12-month period ending May 4, 1998, the airport had 10,108 aircraft operations, 100% of which were general aviation.

Jason McEndoo (born February 25, 1975) is an American football coach and former center in the National Football League for the Seattle Seahawks.
He is currently the tight ends and Cowboy Backs coach for Oklahoma State.
He played college football at Washington State University in Pullman and was a member of the 1997 team which went to the Rose Bowl.
Born in San Diego, California, McEndoo played high school football in southwest Washington at  Aberdeen.
Selected in the seventh round of the 1998 NFL Draft, McEndoo played one game for Seattle in his rookie season in 1998; he was released the following summer on September 5, 1999.
Married for less than a month in 1996, McEndoo and his wife Michelle were passengers in a rollover accident in which she was killed.
The vehicle was driven by teammate Ryan McShane, who apparently fell asleep.
The three were returning to Pullman after attending a teammate's wedding in Tacoma, and occurred on Interstate 90, near Ellensburg.

Anne Herbert, Countess of Pembroke, Baroness Herbert of Cardiff (15 June 1515 – 20 February 1552) was lady-in-waiting to each of Henry VIII of England's six wives.
She was the younger sister of his sixth wife, Catherine Parr.
Anne was born on 15 June 1515 to Sir Thomas Parr and Maud Green.
She was the youngest surviving child of five, having an older sister Catherine and brother William Parr, 1st Marquess of Northampton.
In 1517, when she was two years old, her father died of the sweating sickness leaving her mother a widow at twenty-five, pregnant, and with the grave responsibility of guarding the inheritance of the Parr children.
Maud Green was a lady-in-waiting and confidant to Catherine of Aragon.
She was also head of the Royal school at court where Anne was educated alongside her sister Catherine and other daughters of the nobility.
They were taught by the brilliant Humanist scholar Joan Lluís Vives who was the principal tutor at the Royal school.
Anne would have been taught French, Latin, philosophy, theology, and the Classics.
Maud Green had already taught her children to read and write when they were small.
Anne herself later said that her education at home was based on the approach used in the family of Sir Thomas More where boys and girls were educated together; as was the case with the Parrs until her brother left home in 1525 to join the household of Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset.
Sometime in 1528, Maud Green secured her 13-year-old daughter, Anne, a post at Court as maid-of-honour to Queen Catherine of Aragon.
Anne was then made a ward of King Henry.
When Anne Boleyn was crowned queen in 1533, Anne Parr continued in the same capacity as maid-of-honour.
She quickly succumbed to the spell of Queen Anne's charismatic personality and following the Queen's example, she became an ardent supporter of the New Faith.
After Anne Boleyn's fall from power and subsequent execution, Anne remained at Court in the service of the new queen, Jane Seymour.
Anne Parr served all of Henry VIII's queens from the mid-1530s, and is one of the few women to have been lady-in-waiting to all six.
She was one of the few present at the baptism of Prince Edward on 15 October 1537 and was part of the funeral cortege of Jane Seymour.
When King Henry took as his fourth wife Anne of Cleves, Anne returned to her role as maid-of-honour, which she remained in when Queen Anne was supplanted by Catherine Howard.
Following Queen Catherine's arrest for adultery, Anne Parr was entrusted with the Queen's jewels.
In February 1538, Anne married Sir William Herbert, Esquire of the King's Body.
Herbert was the son of Sir Richard Herbert, the illegitimate son of William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke.
It is likely that Anne met her husband at court.
It is not known whether or not the marriage was a love match, but both Anne and her sister Catherine had been attracted to dashing men of action who were slightly disreputable.
The Herberts, due to King Henry's newly found infatuation for Catherine, appeared to be in the King's favour, as for the next few years Anne and her husband received a succession of Royal grants which included the Abbey of Wilton in Wiltshire (pulled down and built over for Wilton House in the 1540s), Remesbury (north Wiltshire), and Cardiff Castle.
They also used Baynard's Castle as their London residence.
Anne had three children by her husband: Henry, who succeeded his father; Edward Herbert; and Anne Herbert.
For the birth of her second son, Anne's sister loaned her the manor of Hanworth in Middlesex for her lying in.
After the birth, Anne visited Lady Hertford, who had also just given birth, at Syon House near Richmond.
In August, the queen sent a barge to bring Anne by river from Syon back to Westminster.
Anne Parr was a witness to the wedding ceremony performed at Hampton Court Palace on 12 July 1543, when King Henry married her sister Catherine.
In September 1544, William Herbert was knighted on the battlefield at the Siege of Boulogne during the King's campaign against the French.
Anne was her sister's chief lady-in-waiting and the sisters were close.
Anne was also part of the clique of Protestants who surrounded the new Queen.
In 1546, fellow Protestant Anne Askew was arrested for heresy.
Those who opposed the Queen tried to gain a confession from Askew that the Queen, her sister, and the other women were Protestants.
Queen Catherine and some of her closest friends had previously shown favour to the arrested woman.
Stephen Gardiner, Bishop of Winchester; Thomas Wriothesley; and Richard Rich were involved in torturing Anne Askew and interrogating her about her connections to the ladies at court who were suspected to be Protestants, in particular: Anne Parr; the Queen; Katherine Willoughby; Anne Stanhope; and Anne Calthorpe, Countess of Sussex.
Gardiner and Wriothesley obtained the King’s permission to arrest and question the Queen about her religious beliefs.
Catherine visited the King in his bedchamber and adroitly managed to persuade the King that her interest in the new religion had been undertaken solely as a means to provide stimulating conversation to distract the King from the pain caused by his ulcerous leg.
Henry was appeased, and before the arrests were due to take place, he was reconciled to Catherine.
On 28 January 1547, the King died.
After Henry VIII's death, when the queen dowager's household was at Chelsea, both Anne and her son Edward were part of the household there.
Her husband, William Herbert was appointed as one of the guardians to the new king, Edward VI.
Catherine shortly afterward married Thomas Seymour, Lord Sudeley, Lord High Admiral of England, who was an uncle of King Edward.
In September 1548, following the birth of a daughter, Mary Seymour, Catherine Parr died of puerperal fever.
On 10 October 1551, Anne's husband was raised to the peerage as Baron Herbert of Cardiff and on 11 October 1551 was created Earl of Pembroke.
In 1553 he received the disgraced Duke of Somerset's Wiltshire estates, including Ramsbury and a newly built mansion at Bedwin Broil, as well as extensive woodland on the borders of the New Forest.
The Herberts had been friends of Somerset until he fell from favour.
Herbert was also granted, on the attainder of Sir Thomas Arundell, Wardour Castle and park, and he obtained some property which had belonged to the diocese of Winchester.
The Wardour property subsequently reverted to the Arundell family by exchange and purchase, but Pembroke's increase of wealth exceeded that of any of his colleagues.
Anne died on 20 February 1552.
At the time of her death, she was one of the ladies of the Lady Mary, the future Queen Mary I. William married as his second wife, Anne Talbot, but the marriage produced no children.
Through her sons, Anne has many descendants, including the present-day Earls of Pembroke, Montgomery, and Carnarvon.
Anne was buried on 28 February 1552 in the Old St Paul's Cathedral in the City of London, next to her ancestor John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster.
Her husband died on 17 March 1570 and by his wish was also buried in St Paul's.
Anne's memorial there described her in Latin as "a most faithful wife, a woman of the greatest piety and discretion".
Henry Herbert, 2nd Earl of Pembroke (c.
1539–1601).
On 21 May 1553, married Catherine Grey.
The marriage was annulled in 1554.
His second wife was Catherine Talbot, daughter of George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury.
His third wife was Mary Sidney by whom he had children, including William and Philip, both of whom would accede to the Earldom of Pembroke.
Sir Edward Herbert (1547–1595), married Mary Stanley, by whom he had issue including William Herbert, 1st Baron Powis.
Lady Anne Herbert (1550–1592), married Francis, Lord Talbot, son of George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury.
There is no known issue from this marriage.
Anne Parr (Lady Herbert) was depicted by Irish actress, Suzy Lawlor in the fourth and final season of The Tudors.
In the programme she is a lady-in-waiting to Queen Catherine Howard (Tamzin Merchant) and chief maid-of-honor to her sister, Queen Catherine Parr (Joely Richardson).

, officially the ,  is a   in the province of , .
According to the , it has a population of  people.
Formerly known as Cabuntog, it is home to annual international and national surfing competitions because of the Cloud 9 waves.
As a result, the town has the reputation as the "Surfing Capital of the Philippines".
General Luna is located  east of Dapa and about  from Surigao City.
The islands of Anahawan, Daku, and La Januza are within the municipality's jurisdiction.
The area is protected within the  Siargao Islands Protected Landscapes and Seascapes (SIPLAS) under Republic Act 7586 (NIPAS Act).
General Luna is politically subdivided into 19 barangays, fifteen (15) of which are located on Siargao Island while four (4) are on the other outer islands.

NGC 319 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Phoenix.
It was first discovered on September 5, 1834 by John Herschel.

The Wasps () is the fourth in chronological order of the eleven surviving plays by Aristophanes, the master of an ancient genre of drama called 'Old Comedy'.
It was produced at the Lenaia festival in 422 BC, a time when Athens was enjoying a brief respite from the Peloponnesian War following a one-year truce with Sparta.
As in his other early plays, Aristophanes satirizes the demagogue Cleon, but in The Wasps he also ridicules one of the Athenian institutions that provided Cleon with his power base: the law courts.
The play has been thought to exemplify the conventions of Old Comedy better than any other play, and it has been considered to be one of the world's greatest comedies.
The play begins with a strange scene—a large net has been spread over a house, the entry is barricaded and two slaves, Xanthias and Sosias, are sleeping in the street outside.
A third man is positioned at the top of an exterior wall with a view into the inner courtyard but he too is asleep.
The two slaves wake and we learn from their banter that they are keeping guard over a "monster".
The man asleep above them is their master and the monster is his father—he has an unusual disease.
Xanthias and Sosias challenge the audience to guess the nature of the disease.
Addictions to gambling, drink and good times are suggested but they are all wrong—the father is addicted to the law court: he is a phileliastes () or a "trialophile".
The man's name is Philocleon (which suggests that he might be addicted to Cleon), and his son's name is the very opposite of this—Bdelycleon.
The symptoms of the old man's addiction include irregular sleep, obsessional thinking, paranoia, poor hygiene and hoarding.
Counselling, medical treatment and travel have all failed to solve the problem, and now his son has turned the house into a prison to keep the old man away from the law courts.
Bdelycleon wakes and he shouts to the two slaves to be on their guard—his father is moving about.
He tells them to watch the drains, for the old man can move like a mouse, but Philocleon surprises them all by emerging instead from the chimney disguised as smoke.
Bdelycleon is luckily on hand to push him back inside.
Other attempts at escape are also barely defeated.
The household settles down for some more sleep and then the Chorus arrives—old jurors who move warily through the muddy roads and are escorted by boys with lamps through the dark.
Learning of their old comrade's imprisonment, they leap to his defense and swarm around Bdelycleon and his slaves like wasps.
At the end of this fray, Philocleon is still barely in his son's custody and both sides are willing to settle the issue peacefully through debate.
The debate between the Philocleon and Bdelycleon focuses on the advantages that the old man personally derives from voluntary jury service.
Philocleon says he enjoys the flattering attentions of rich and powerful men who appeal to him for a favourable verdict, he enjoys the freedom to interpret the law as he pleases since his decisions are not subject to review, and his juror's pay gives him independence and authority within his own household.
Bdelycleon responds to these points with the argument that jurors are in fact subject to the demands of petty officials and they get paid less than they deserve—revenues from the empire go mostly into the private treasuries of men like Cleon.
These arguments have a paralysing effect on Philocleon.
The chorus is won over.
Philocleon refuses to give up his old ways, so Bdelycleon offers to turn the house into a courtroom and to pay him a juror's fee to judge domestic disputes.
Philocleon agrees, and a case is soon brought before him—a dispute between the household dogs.
One dog (who looks like Cleon) accuses the other dog (who looks like Laches) of stealing a Sicilian cheese and not sharing it.
Witnesses for the defense include a bowl, a pestle, a cheese-grater, a brazier and a pot.
As these are unable to speak, Bdelycleon says a few words for them on behalf of the accused.
A group of puppies (the children of the accused) is ushered in to soften the heart of the old juror with their plaintive cries.
Philocleon is not softened, but his son easily fools him into putting his vote into the urn for acquittal.
The old juror is deeply shocked by the outcome of the trial—he is used to convictions—but his son promises him a good time and they exit the stage to prepare for some entertainment.
While the actors are offstage, the Chorus addresses the audience in a conventional parabasis.
It praises the author for standing up to monsters like Cleon and it chastises the audience for its failure to appreciate the merits of the author's previous play (The Clouds).
It praises the older generation, evokes memories of the victory at Marathon, and bitterly deplores the gobbling up of imperial revenues by unworthy men.
Father and son then return to the stage, now arguing with each other over the old man's choice of attire.
He is addicted to his old juryman's cloak and his old shoes and he is suspicious of the fancy woollen garment and the fashionable Spartan footwear that Bdelycleon wants him to wear that evening to a sophisticated dinner party.
The fancy clothes are forced upon him, and he is instructed in the kind of manners and conversation that the other guests will expect of him.
At the party, Philocleon declares his reluctance to drink any wine—it causes trouble, he says—but Bdelycleon assures him that sophisticated men of the world can easily talk their way out of trouble, and so they depart optimistically for the evening's entertainment.
There is then a second parabasis (see Note at end of this section), in which the Chorus touches briefly on a conflict between Cleon and the author, after which a household slave arrives with news for the audience about the old man's appalling behaviour at the dinner party: Philocleon has got himself abusively drunk, he has insulted all his son's fashionable friends, and now he is assaulting anyone he meets on the way home.
The slave departs as Philocleon arrives, now with aggrieved victims on his heels and a pretty flute girl on his arm.
Bdelycleon appears moments later and angrily remonstrates with his father for kidnapping the flute girl from the party.
Philocleon pretends that she is in fact a torch.
His son isn't fooled and he tries to take the girl back to the party by force but his father knocks him down.
Other people with grievances against Philocleon continue to arrive, demanding compensation and threatening legal action.
He makes an ironic attempt to talk his way out of trouble like a sophisticated man of the world, but it inflames the situation further.
Finally, his alarmed son drags him indoors.
The Chorus sings briefly about how difficult it is for men to change their habits and it commends the son for filial devotion, after which the entire cast returns to the stage for some spirited dancing by Philocleon in a contest with the sons of Carcinus.
Note: Some editors (such as Barrett) exchange the second parabasis (lines 1265–91) with the song (lines 1450–73) in which Bdelycleon is commended for filial devotion.
About two years before the performance of The Wasps, Athens had obtained a significant victory against its rival, Sparta, in the Battle of Sphacteria.
Rightly or wrongly, most Athenians credited Cleon with this victory, and he was then at the height of his power.
Constitutionally, supreme power lay with the People as voters in the assembly and as jurors in the courts, but they could be manipulated by demagogues skilled in oratory and supported by networks of satellites and informers.
Cleon had succeeded Pericles as the dominant speaker in the assembly, and increasingly he could manipulate the courts for political and personal ends, especially in the prosecution of public officials for mismanagement of their duties.
Jurors had to be citizens over the age of thirty and a corps of 6000 was enrolled at the beginning of each year, forming a conspicuous presence about town in their short brown cloaks, with wooden staves in their hands.
The work was voluntary but time-consuming and they were paid a small fee: three obols per day at the time of The Wasps.
For many jurors, this was their major source of income and it was virtually an old-age pension.
There were no judges to provide juries with legal guidance, and there was no legal appeal against a jury's verdict.
Jurors came under the sway of litigious politicians like Cleon who provided them with cases to try and who were influential in persuading the Assembly to keep up their pay.
However it is not necessarily true that Cleon was exploiting the system for venal or corrupt reasons, as argued in The Wasps.
Aristophanes' plays promote conservative values and support an honourable peace with Sparta, whereas Cleon was a radical democrat and a leader of the pro-war faction.
Misunderstandings were inevitable.
Cleon had previously attempted to prosecute Aristophanes for slandering the polis with his second play The Babylonians, and though the legal result of these efforts is unknown, they appear to have sharpened the poet's satirical edge, as evidenced later in the unrelenting attack on Cleon in The Knights.
The second parabasis in The Wasps implies that Cleon retaliated for his drubbing in The Knights with yet further efforts to intimidate or prosecute Aristophanes, and the poet may have publicly yielded to this pressure for a short time.
Whatever agreement was reached with Cleon, Aristophanes gleefully reneged on it in The Wasps, presenting Cleon as a treacherous dog manipulating a corrupted legal process for personal gain.
431: The Peloponnesian War commenced.
426: Aristophanes won first prize at the City Dionysia with his second play, The Babylonians (now lost), and he was subsequently prosecuted by Cleon for being the author of slanders against the polis.
425: Athens obtained a significant victory against Sparta in the Battle of Sphacteria and Cleon successfully claimed responsibility for it.
424: Aristophanes won first prize at the Lenaia with The Knights in which he lampooned Cleon mercilessly.
423: Athens and Sparta agreed to a one-year truce.
Aristophanes' play The Clouds came third (i.e. last).
422: The Wasps was performed at the Lenaia, winning second place.
According to a character in Plutarch's Dinner-table Discussion, (written some 500 years after The Wasps was produced), Old Comedy needs commentators to explain its abstruse references, in the same way that a banquet needs wine waiters.
Here is the wine list for The Wasps as supplied by modern scholars.
Megara: a neighbour and historically a rival to Athens, it is mentioned in line 57 as the reputed origin of comic drama.
Law Courts: Athens had ten law courts in 422 BC, of which these three are mentioned here by name: The New Court in line 120, The Court at Lykos in line 389  and The Odeion in line 1109.
Asclepieia: Temples dedicated to the god of healing, the one mentioned in line 123 was located near Athens on the island of Aegina.
Delphi: One of the most sacred sites in Greece, it is said by Philocleon in line 159 to be the source of a fearful prophecy concerning himself.
Scione: A city on the promontory of Chalcidice, it revolted against Athenian rule two days after the Athenian truce with Sparta and it was now under siege; this was the only fighting Athenians were engaged in at that time.
Bdelycleon says in line 210 that he would rather serve there than guard his father.
Byzantium: Originally captured from Persian forces by the Greeks in 478 BC, and subsequently taken from the control of Pausanias by the Athenians in 476, a garrison had been stationed there ever since its revolt from Athenian rule in 440-439.
The Chorus of old jurors mention it in line 236 while reminiscing about their time as soldiers there.
Samos: An island that had revolted from Athenian rule in 440 BC, it is mentioned in line 238 in reference to a Samian (possibly a man named Carystion) who had betrayed his own polis out of his reputed love for Athens and who had recently been acquitted of some charge.
Thrace: A region of strategic significance in the Peloponnesian War, the Chorus mentions it in line 288 in relation to the impending trial of one of the 'traitors' there (possibly a reference to Thucydides, who had been prosecuted by Cleon the previous year after the Athenian defeat at Amphipolis.
Naxos: Subjugated by the Athenians around 470 BC, the Chorus mentions it in line 355 while recalling a soldier's prank perpetrated there by Philocleon.
Pontus and Sardinia: Mentioned in line 700 by Bdelycleon as the eastern and western limits of the Athenian empire.
Marathon: The site of the celebrated Athenian victory against Persia, it is mentioned in line 711 by Bdelycleon in reference to what is owed to Athenians by other Greeks.
Euboia Settled by Athenians through a cleruchy, it was a key source of grain and is mentioned in line 715 by Bdelycleon as a synonym for vote-buying.
Sicily: The island was famous for its cheeses and its mention in line 838 helps to identify the cheese-stealing dog Labes as a comic representation of the Athenian general Laches, who led an Athenian force there in 427 BC.
Kudathenaion and Zixone: Respectively the deme of Cylon in Athens and the accusing dog, and the deme of Laches and the accused dog (on the coast about eight miles south of Athens) – both demes are mentioned in line 895.
Thymaitadoi: A village near the Piraeus, it was a source of rough cloaks that the unsophisticated Philocleon is unable to distinguish from the expensive cloaks worn in Sardis and woven in Ecbatana (common destinations for Athenian diplomats), as stated in lines 1138–43.
Paros: An island that Philocleon once visited for two obols a day (i.e. as a rower in the Athenian navy) – which was as close to becoming a diplomat as he ever got (line 1189).
Euripides: Frequently a target of Aristophanes' plays, the tragic poet is mentioned in line 61 as the butt of tired old jokes that are made by other comic poets.
There are also mock-heroic references to his plays Bellerophon, Cretan Women and Ino in lines 757, 763, 1414.
Ecphantides: A comic poet of a previous generation known for his obscurity, he is referred to in line 151 by his nickname Capnias (Smokey).
Phrynichus: A celebrated tragic poet of an earlier generation, he is mentioned favourably several times by Philocleon and the jurors in lines 220, 269, 1490, 1524.
The first mention is in a comic, compound word () which includes a reference to a popular song about Sidon written by Phrynichus.
The tragic poet is mentioned in three other plays.
Philocles: A tragic poet (who won first prize when Sophocles competed with Oedipus Rex), yet satirized by comic poets for a harsh style, he is said in line 462 to have an embittering influence on old men.
He is mentioned again in Thesmophoriazusae and The Birds.
Aesop: Then, as now, a source of instructive fables, he receives four mentions in lines 566, 1259, 1401, 1446 and he is later mentioned in two other plays.
Oiagros: A tragic actor, he is said in line 579 to have been acquitted in a trial after reciting verses from a play titled Niobe.
Niobe was possibly a play by Sophocles that was performed shortly before Wasps.
Alternatively Niobe was a play by Aeschylus, mentioned again later in The Frogs.
Acestor Sacas: A tragic poet of foreign birth and a frequent target of comic poets, he is mentioned in line 1221 as the father of one of Cleon's circle.
He is mentioned also in The Birds.
Alcaeus: The great lyric poet of Mytilene, he is not mentioned by name but he is the author of some well-known verses that Philocleon adapts to a scolion directed against Cleon in lines 1232–35.
Ariphrades: Possibly a comic dramatist and a student of Anaxagoras, he is mocked in this play in line 1280 and in other plays for sexual eccentricities.
His musician brother, Arignotus, is mentioned with him but not by name in The Wasps.
Sthenelus: A tragic poet, whose verse was later considered by Aristotle to be lucid but undignified, he is mentioned in line 1313 as the epitome of a man who is lacking something.
